by you anywhere than a half-mile
able to cut your balls off and
feed them up dog and I'm not
playing games tigre i'm captain
the real action
fishing is how I make my living
in its how I support my family
for 17 years i was born bred
down here in the south
I learned to fish with my dad
when I was about six years old
I'm married I have two children
I've got at least have completed
I've worked on private boats are
virtual commercial base I've
worked on charter bags every
aspect of my life is about
fishing my teammates are Jesse
Andersen and a young idea smile
and hell yes
smells like money haha my crew
we hadn't bluefin tuna fish
together before this is the
first season you think 90-inch
are we got a time that's why
howdy little bit may be big but
turned that name is DD young and
I've been fishing for living for
16 years
I'm bold I'll speak my mind I
love fishing I've no need for
about 16 years we started about
the same time fishing matters
lot of the guys expected us to
be rivals with each other we
figured we would use it to our
advantage he would share our
information we became very good
fisherman because of it
people diggin my name is
majestic Anderson and I go by
Jesse we can just tell us the
sixties child and as far as I'm
concerned I'm really glad my
name is moving or something like
that I'd say fishing was an
addiction since I was a little
kid
hear all about teamwork
everybody working together I
still make it happen today
get the proof